# Description:

Escada TPC-C is an easy to use JDBC benchmark that closely resembles the TPC-C standard for OLTP.
DB's supported include PostgreSQL, MySQL, and Derby.

# Requirements

All dependencies are automatically fetched by Maven.

# Build

Once you have downloaded the source directory you should change dir into it and issue:

1. $ mvn package
2. $ mvn assembly:assembly

This creates a tar.gz with the full benchmark.

# Configuration

Inside the tar.gz there are the required libraries (in lib folder),
two UNIX scripts (one for populate and other to run clients), a script folder
with the SQL script do create database for each supported DB and a folder etc with the configuration files.
This etc folder contains the:

- log4j.xml: To configure the proper logger level.
- database-config.properties: To configure the database connection url, driver, username
 and password.
- workload-config.properties: To configure workload parameters.
    - tpcc.number.warehouses: Set the number of warehouse to populate the database.
    - db.class: String <class> used to instantiate the database
    - trace-flag: It defines the usage of trace file or not (NOTRACE,TRACE,TRACESTRING,TRACETIME)
    - prefix: It defines the composition of the trace file identification and is also used as a component of the emulator id
    - pool: The number of entries available for connection pool...
    - measurement.interval: Minutes used for measuring SUT performance
    - measurement.time: Time for benchmark
    - frag: It shifts the clients in order to access different warehouses...
    - resubmit.aborted: It enables the transaction resubmition when an error occurs.
    - think.time: Enables/Disables user keying time
    - clients: Number of clients concurrently accessing the database.


# Instructions for running

The benchmark can be run as a daemon and populate and
clients are started through JMX or executed directly:

# Instructions for running

 A.) JMX
        $ ./jmx.sh or java escada.tpc.jmx.JmxStarter

     1. DatabasePopulateMBean.populate()
     2. ClientEmulationStartupMBean.startClients(key,machine,clients,frag);
 B.) Direct

    1. Populate database.
        $ ./load.sh or java escada.tpc.tpcc.database.populate.jmx.DatabasePopulate
    2. Run clients.
        $ ./run.sh or java escada.tpc.common.clients.jmx.ClientEmulationStartup

# Feedback

Updated source and an issue tracker are available at:

        https://github.com/rmpvilaca/UBlog-Benchmark

Your feedback is welcome.

#Authors

The following people have contributed to this project:
 - Alfranio Correia
 - Luis Soares
 - Nuno Carvalho
 - Ricardo Vilaca

#Contact

Ricardo VilaAa (<rmvilaca@di.uminho.pt>)

